In recent years,waste production is increasing rapidly(这句话有点奇怪，可不可以改为waste production becomes an increasing problem),

（逗号不可以连接两个简单句）（and）the big cause is people’s understanding（awareness）of waste production.（这句话想表达什么？翻译出来是

最大的原因是人类对产生浪费的认识？缺乏认识的意思吗？那就是and it is owing to the people lack of understanding（awareness）of waste production


(As a result/Consequently), only by changing people’s minds can （help us to solve this problem） fundamentally . 
(句号后字母大写)（This）this passage is talking about （ the cause and effect of producing tons of waste in a country.）


In fact（上一段说过了会讨论许多的原因和影响，这里再写实际上有很多原因，呼唤逻辑。不需要in fact），there are many reasons(resulting in waste production),(one of)the （most）important one is lacking(lack sth/lacking in sth/lack of sth复习下lack的用法) 
of recycling efforts and human consciousness(你都说是important one了这里还罗列出缺少回收的努力和缺少意识，当然你也可以改成一个) .
with the rapid develop(development) of society，people pay more attention to economy grow(growth). （改为,）
they are overproducing, overconsuming and using contaminated materials（改一下： ）,
but ignoring recycling.
For example,factories discharge waste water and rubbish into rivers,
bury the rubbish in the soil.On the other hand,
the human consciousness is the fundamental problem,
everyone must be aware of the importance of recycling.
So,the important causes of waste production are lacking of recycling efforts and human consciousness.


Having listed the causes of waste production above,
we will talk about what is the effect of producing tons of waste in a country.


Talking of the effect,the important effects of waste production are air pollution and food safety.
On the one hand,the emission of a large amount of waste gas directly affects the quality of air,
and the quality of air directly affects the people’s health.On the other hand,
a lot of pollution affects the quality of soil and water,so it directly affects the safety of food.
For example,fine particulate matter and a large number of food poisoning incidents are the results of waste production.
So,the important effects of waste production are air pollution and food safety.


In conclusion,waste production affects people’s lives.
There are many causes and effects of waste production.
I believe everyone has to do something on their own to reduce waste production.
